Updated the first timers issue template. (#1076)
publiclab/Leaflet.DistortableImage: .github/first-timers-issue-template.md

If you have contributed before, **consider leaving this one for someone new**, and looking through our general [help wanted](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/labels/help-wanted) issues. Thanks!

### 🤔 What you will need to know.

Nothing. This issue is meant to welcome you to Open Source :) We are happy to walk you through the process.

### 📋 Step by Step

- [ ] 🙋 **Claim this issue**: Claim the issue by commenting. If someone else has claimed it, ask if they've opened a pull request already and if they're stuck -- maybe you can help them solve a problem or move it along!

<details>
  <summary>💡 <i>Learn how to claim</i> 🙋</summary>
  <h3>Claiming an issue</h3>
  <p>Unless the issue is marked as reserved for someone, you can just say "I'd like to try this!" and then you've claimed it - no need to wait for someone to assign it to you. Just be sure you link your pull request (PR) to this issue so we can see where your solution is.</p>
  <p>And open one early if possible - even before you've completed it with additional commits - and others can help you figure out any issues you may face.</p>
</details>

> - [ ] 📝 **Update** the file [$FILENAME]($BRANCH_URL) in the `Leaflet.DistortableImage` repository (press the little pen Icon) and edit the line as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 📝 **Update** the file [$FILENAME]($BRANCH_URL) in the `$REPO` repository (press the little pen Icon) and edit the line as shown below.
```

> +[See this page](https://code.publiclab.org/#r=all) for some help in taking your first steps!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See this page](https://code.publiclab.org/#r=all) for some help in taking your first steps!
```
